Document timezones setup (#33)
glpi-project/doc-install: source/timezones.rst

Timezones
=========

In order to get timezones working on a MariaDB/MySQL instance, you will have to initialize Timezones data and grant GLPI database user read ACL on their table.

Non windows users
-----------------

On most systems, you'll have to initialize timezones data from your system's timezones:

.. code-block:: bash

>    mysql_tzinfo_to_sql /usr/share/zoneinfo | mysql -u root -p mysql

Reviewer: this can be disturbing, i suggest the following change
```suggestion
   mysql_tzinfo_to_sql /usr/share/zoneinfo | mysql -p -u root mysql
```

Author: As U wish, I've just copy/pasted the command I ran :p

You may want to check `MariaDB documentation about mysql_tzinfo_to_sql <https://mariadb.com/kb/en/library/mysql_tzinfo_to_sql/>`_ and your system documentation do know where data are stored (if not in ``/usr/share/zoneinfo``).

> Do not forget to restart the server once command is successfull.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not forget to restart the database server once command is successfull.
```

Windows users
-------------

> Windows do not provide timezones informations, you'll have to download and intialize data yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows doesn't provide timezones informations, you'll have to download and import data yourself.
```
